Alaina Buzas


I'm a Seattle-based graphic designer and web developer with a focus on working together with community organizations I believe in to create change. I thrive on deadlines, have a knack for spinning multiple plates at once, and combine my observant and organized natures to problem-solve in any scenario. I am a midwesterner at heart, and a journalist deep in my bones.


Contact

alainabuzas.com
alaina.buzas@gmail.com
linkedin.com/in/alainabuzas/
github.com/alainabuzas


Experience

Freelance Graphic Designer & Developer
Aug 2010 – Present
My portfolio includes work on non-profit promotion, wedding invitation suites, websites and more. I believe design is a collaborative effort and I've loved working with clients to create the best product for their audience.

Project Manager
Sesame Communications | Oct 2015 — March 2017
Client-facing role managing the creation of a new website from sale to launch. Cross-collaborated with other teams to ensure customer satisfaction and high-quality product, including Sales, IT, Customer Service, Social and SEO.

Events and Outreach Manager
Bureau of Fearless Ideas | Sept 2014 — Oct 2015
Organized events and outreach campaigns announcing our departure from a national organization. Coordinated major fundraisers, as well as community building events. 
Utilized our website and social media assets as a means of outreach and fundraising.

Digital Content Manager
Chicago Parent Magazine | Aug 2012 — July 2013
Doubled website views from previous year, and grew social media followings dramatically. Launched a tablet version of the magazine, as well as Pinterest and Instagram accounts, to better connect with readers.

Editorial Designer
Wednesday Journal, Inc | May 2011 — Aug 2012
On a three-person editorial design team for six weekly papers serving the city and suburbs of Chicago, as well as Chicago Parent Magazine. Art Directed special sections for both the newspapers and magazine.


Skills

HTML
CSS
JavaScript
jQuery
MEAN Stack
Ruby on Rails
Photoshop
Lightroom
InDesign
Illustrator


Education

Web Development Immersive
General Assembly
March 2017 – June 2017

BS Print Journalism
Bowling Green State University
Grad 2010

Film & Digital Photography
Studio Arts College International
Aug 2007 – May 2008